Businesshackers Dot Com: Redefining “Lame”
Published on May 11, 2007.
So I got this spammy email in my inbox and I thought it was too good not to write about on my blog.
I got this “offer” via Notecentric , my social note taking web app.
Dear friends, here is Dario, the founder of “businesshackers.com, profitable ideas for business and life”… I am writing to tell you that I was really impressed going through your website.
My team and me have seen thousands of websites and start-ups in particular and rarely have we seen such a good work.
One of the things we try to do is to promote great website that do not receive any promotion because of a number of reasons such as lack of funds, not enough time to launch it, etc.
We usually charge quiet a lot of money for reviews and links to websites due to the quality of posts you can find on businesshackers.com.
We focus on quality, not quantity.
There is something we can offer you: you can write a review of your website, but please try to be as objective as possible.
What you could include is a description of why the site was created, how it works, what your plans are, etc.
You are allowed to include max 2 links to your site and 1 picture.
It should be a good way to gain visibility online.
Normally we charge between 30 and 160$ for a review, but because of the quality of your website we will be happy to publish your own text on businesshackers.com.
Please let me know if you think it is a good idea.
Best regards, Dario p.s. if you prefer us to write the review for you it is just 50$.
This is the link with the details.
p.p.s. please link to businesshackers.com if possible p.p.s. we do not accept duplicate content, only unique sorry
Basically, they’re offering to post a review of Notecentric, given that I write it and send it to them… OR I can pay them “just” $50 to write it for me.
Screw that. Judging from the quality of the writing in their email, I wouldn’t take money from them to write about Notecentric!
Do all the companies on this lame ass website pay for these reviews?
If so, I think the word needs to get out about this totally lame and unjournalistic enterprise.
BTW, I’m intentionally not linking to them, lest I contribute to their pagerank.